# Shopping App

This is a React shopping app using the [fakeshopAPI](https://fakestoreapi.com/). It is probably one of the most educational projects I have worked on, and really helped me understand how important and helpful state, useEffect are, and also made me look into Context when you have a lot of prop drilling (I attempted to useContext, however I introduced A BUNCH of bugs and had to scrap that, but I learned how and why it is used so I'll have that in my tool belt in the future). This was my first time ever using Bootstrap in a React project and I was a bit apprehencive about it because I'm bias to Tailwind, however... I now see the light. Bootstrap is a great library for creating easy styles and it's also pretty simple to change the default styles with some vanilla CSS, which I actually had a lot of fun doing. I pushed myself to really make the project nice on the eye's and learned about different CSS properties to add like, translate, transform, and transition that really add extra oomf to the design. I previously had some experience with Node.js and creating super basic API's with Express and Mongoose but I'd never heard of Axios prior to this, and I was pleased with how easy it was to send out and recieve CRUD requests. I also found a pretty cool package called [Toastify](https://fkhadra.github.io/react-toastify/introduction), a much better user experience than using an alert to inform the user of something like a product being updated or deleted, also pretty customizable. I also spent some time organizing my code into different folders like pages and components. I had to take a lot of time trying to create different work arounds like finding out I couldn't use useParams in App.jsx because it was outside of a Route and had to implement a small piece of logic to do the same thing using pathname instead. I also found some pretty cool ways of conditionally rendering, like the Toast that comes from the same Form component for Add and Update. Overall I had a lot of fun creating this project and found it extremely educational.
